the Tucker business went out of business
like 1031 who spotted auction by Preston
Tucker
he jokes apart after and this time
all right so Eric I'm here with you and
your wife Danielle this is your Tucker I
know you probably know a lot of history
about this car tell us a little bit
about it Wow we got this for 2,000 bucks
friend of the wife
so your wife was saying it has a
helicopter engine
so when the wheel turns the headlight
turns
Cyclops
so what how fast does this thing go with
the helicopter engine in it
yeah they definitely have the horsepower
to go faster the average car dude that's
fine
I love the curves the car has up on the
front and the back and the skirts right
here with that venting and that goes
right is that yeah and it's one of the
few cars that that I've ever seen that
has a grill on the trunk nice wow that's
the actual Tucker engine too
Wow how cool is it showing up to a car
show of this car that's got to be pretty
cool
and that is really cool and this is how
to Northridge geyser companies in LA
area then we have a lot of collectibles
that's really cool these taillights here
too are super cool yeah what year is
this car 2048 you know that was such a
good time for it for classic cars
awesome so again you've got the website
which is resolute collection calm and
we'll post the video have your web
address all that on them cool thank you
very much
enjoy